Chase Pratt and I (JJ Harris) implemented the following features for lab 4...

	1. Predators chase prey when detected, prey try to avoid predators
	2. Field of vision for predators, your choice of vision model for prey
	3. Add fixed obstacles in the environment that the creatures (enemies in the game case) cannot move through
	4. Add fixed obstacles in the environment that the creatures (enemies in the game case) cannot see through
	

In order to run the animation, do the following steps...

	1. Import the package called ChaseJJLab4Final and import all items
	2. Open the Scene folder and click on ChaseJJLab4Scene
	3. Push play on the unity editor
	
Note: This isn't our best work being hit with a bunch of projects and an exam today before this deadline. This is our best attempt with the time we had. We managed to get what we could working, but with more time the solution would be better than this. The current problem is objects tend to get stuck (predator and prey stuck to walls and eventually leaving, prey sticking to other prey). When objects stick to the walls, they don't go through the walls though. A simple restart of the animation could speed this up. Sadly, the random functions we used could result in unexpected behavior (like sticking to walls and prey sticking to other prey). When the predator comes in contact with the prey, it does destroy the prey on contact. We hope the issues we encountered don't hurt our grade too much with the timeframe we had.

Also, we started early on this project just ran into many other things at the same time. Hope our grade isn't too bad based on the attempt. Thank you for reading over this while grading.

1 is not perfect with the getting stuck problem and the predator tends to not want to walk in the direction it sees.  

Extra resources used: Credit given to A Dog's Life Software for the textures used on the models in this project (mainly the maze walls and floor. The mesh won't show the actual texture but there is one on it). Link is provided below to the textures

 https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/brick/18-high-resolution-wall-textures-12567
	

